README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

redux tool kit and jest integrated

README.md, after:

# Next.js + Jest

This example shows how to configure Jest to work with Next.js.

This includes Next.js' built-in support for Global CSS, CSS Modules and TypeScript. This example also shows how to use Jest with the App Router and React Server Components.

> **Note:** Since tests can be co-located alongside other files inside the App Router, we have placed those tests in `app/` to demonstrate this behavior (which is different than `pages/`). You can still place all tests in `__tests__` if you prefer.

## Deploy your own

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-jest&project-name=with-jest&repository-name=with-jest)

## How to Use

Quickly get started using [Create Next App](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app#readme)!

In your terminal, run the following command:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-jest with-jest-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example with-jest with-jest-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example with-jest with-jest-app
```

## Running Tests

```bash
npm test
```
